Update Neo4j Integration to Support Neo4j 4.x (#944)
DataDog/integrations-extras: neo4j/README.md

# Agent Check: neo4j

## Overview

This check monitors [neo4j][1] through the Datadog Agent.
Please verify the metrics and checks that are submitted through this agent. Since Neo4j 4.0 and onward supports multiple databases, some metrics and checks are no longer published.

## Setup

Follow the instructions below to install and configure this check for an Agent running on a host. For containerized environments, see the [Autodiscovery Integration Templates][2] for guidance on applying these instructions.

### Installation

To install the neo4j check on your host:

> 1. Download and install the [Datadog Agent](https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download and install the [Datadog Agent][8].
```

   ```

### Configuration

1. Edit the `neo4j.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your neo4j performance data. See the [sample neo4j.d/conf.yaml][3] for all available configuration options.

2. [Restart the Agent][4].

### Validation

[Run the Agent's status subcommand][5] and look for `neo4j` under the Checks section.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

See [metadata.csv][6] for a list of metrics provided by this check.

### Service Checks

neo4j does not include any service checks.

### Events

neo4j does not include any events.

## Troubleshooting

Need help? Contact [Datadog support][7].

[1]: https://neo4j.com/
[2]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/autodiscovery/integrations
[3]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/neo4j/datadog_checks/neo4j/data/conf.yaml.example
[4]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/#start-stop-and-restart-the-agent
[5]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/#agent-status-and-information
[6]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/neo4j/metadata.csv

> [7]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[7]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help
[8]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent
```

# Agent Check: neo4j

## Overview

This check monitors [neo4j][1] through the Datadog Agent.

> Please verify the metrics and checks that are submitted through this agent. Since Neo4j 4.0 and onward supports multiple databases, some metrics and checks are no longer published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify the metrics and checks that are submitted through this Agent. Because Neo4j 4.0 and onward supports multiple databases, some metrics and checks are no longer published.
```
What does it mean to "verify" the metrics and checks? Why are we telling users to do this? I can't tell what it means, just that it's a very unusual statement in documentation.

## Setup

Follow the instructions below to install and configure this check for an Agent running on a host. For containerized environments, see the [Autodiscovery Integration Templates][2] for guidance on applying these instructions.

### Installation

To install the neo4j check on your host:

> 1. Install the [developer toolkit](https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/integrations/new_check_howto/#developer-toolkit) on any machine.
> 2. Run `ddev release build neo4j` to build the package.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
This is not required

> 3. [Download the Datadog Agent](https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Download and install the [Datadog Agent](https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent).
```

   ```shell
   datadog-agent integration install -t datadog-neo4j==<INTEGRATION_VERSION>
   ```

### Configuration

1. Edit the `neo4j.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your neo4j performance data. See the [sample neo4j.d/conf.yaml][3] for all available configuration options.

2. [Restart the Agent][4].

### Validation

[Run the Agent's status subcommand][5] and look for `neo4j` under the Checks section.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

See [metadata.csv][6] for a list of metrics provided by this check.

### Service Checks

> Service check neo4j.prometheus.health is submitted in the base check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service check `neo4j.prometheus.health` is submitted in the base check.
```

# Agent Check: neo4j

## Overview

This check monitors [neo4j][1] through the Datadog Agent.

## Setup

Follow the instructions below to install and configure this check for an Agent running on a host. For containerized environments, see the [Autodiscovery Integration Templates][2] for guidance on applying these instructions.

### Installation

To install the neo4j check on your host:

> 1. Install the [developer toolkit](https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/integrations/new_check_howto/#developer-toolkit) on any machine.

Reviewer 3: You should leave this current section, Datadog users will be able to install your integration automatically with `datadog-agent integration install -t datadog-neo4j==4.0.0` once this PR is merged

2. Run `ddev release build neo4j` to build the package.

> 3. [Download the Datadog Agent](https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent).

Reviewer: Throughout: Links need to be changed to the style `[linktext][x]` with URLs collected at the bottom of the file.

Author: I think I have these all changed.

Reviewer: Yes, except for the former link [1], in step 1 which Florian suggests reinstating (replacing your current steps 1-3, I think).

4. Upload the build artifact to any host with an Agent andrun `datadog-agent integration install -w path/to/neo4j/dist/<ARTIFACT_NAME>.whl`.

### Configuration

1. Edit the `neo4j.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your neo4j performance data. See the [sample neo4j.d/conf.yaml][3] for all available configuration options.

2. [Restart the Agent][4].

### Validation

[Run the Agent's status subcommand][5] and look for `neo4j` under the Checks section.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

See [metadata.csv][6] for a list of metrics provided by this check.

### Service Checks

neo4j does not include any service checks.

### Events

neo4j does not include any events.

## Troubleshooting

Need help? Contact [Datadog support][7].

> [1]: **LINK_TO_INTEGRATION_SITE**

Reviewer 3: Need to fill this

Author: Updated section with latest commit.

# Agent Check: neo4j

## Overview

This check monitors [neo4j][1] through the Datadog Agent.

## Setup

Follow the instructions below to install and configure this check for an Agent running on a host. For containerized environments, see the [Autodiscovery Integration Templates][2] for guidance on applying these instructions.

### Installation

To install the neo4j check on your host:

1. Install the [developer toolkit](https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/integrations/new_check_howto/#developer-toolkit) on any machine.
2. Run `ddev release build neo4j` to build the package.
3. [Download the Datadog Agent](https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent).

> 4. Run the following command to install the integrations wheel with the Agent:
> To install the neo4j check on your host:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. To install the neo4j check on your host:
```
